("Dual Stat Summations" or 
(basestat:mobility+resilience:>=40 or
basestat:mobility+recovery:>=40 or
basestat:mobility+discipline:>=40 or
basestat:mobility+intellect:>=40 or
basestat:mobility+strength:>=40 or
basestat:resilience+mobility:>=40 or
basestat:resilience+recovery:>=40 or
basestat:resilience+discipline:>=40 or
basestat:resilience+intellect:>=40 or
basestat:resilience+strength:>=40 or
basestat:recovery+mobility:>=40 or
basestat:recovery+resilience:>=40 or
basestat:recovery+discipline:>=40 or
basestat:recovery+intellect:>=40 or
basestat:recovery+strength:>=40 or
basestat:discipline+mobility:>=40 or
basestat:discipline+resilience:>=40 or
basestat:discipline+recovery:>=40 or
basestat:discipline+intellect:>=40 or
basestat:discipline+strength:>=40 or
basestat:intellect+mobility:>=40 or
basestat:intellect+resilience:>=40 or
basestat:intellect+recovery:>=40 or
basestat:intellect+discipline:>=40 or
basestat:intellect+strength:>=40 or
basestat:strength+mobility:>=40 or
basestat:strength+resilience:>=40 or
basestat:strength+recovery:>=40 or
basestat:strength+discipline:>=40 or
basestat:strength+intellect:>=40))